"Good morning. Life is like a mirror: it will smile at you if you smile at it"
"Today will be a good day. So wake up and smile"
"Set a goal that make you want to jump out of bed in the morning."
"I opened two gifts this morning. They were my eyes."
"Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessing and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your today be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day ! Good Morning " - Steve Maraboli
"Good morning is not just a word. It's an action and a belief to live the entire day well. Morning is the time when you set the tone for the rest of the day. Set it right. Have a nice day."
"Life laughs at you when you are unhappy. Life smiles at you when you are happy. But, Life salutes you when you make others happy." - Charlie Chaplin
"Something special awaits you each day. All you need is to recognize it and make the most of it. Have a positive attitude through out the day and then that today is going to the best day in your life. Good morning"
"It doesn't matter what day of the week it is. As long as we are together, it will always be a beautiful day. Good morning"
"The world is beautiful outside when there is stability inside."
"Your journey will be much lighter and easier if you don't carry your past with you."
"When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive, to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love." - Marcus Aurelius
"Waking up this morning, I smile. 24 brand new hours are before me. I vow to live fully in each moment." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have." - Lemony Snicket
"You cry and scream and you stomp your feet and you shout. You say: "You know what? I'm giving up, I don't care!" And then you go to bed and you wake up and it's a brand new day. And you pick yourself back up again."
"Life is too short, she panicked, I want more. He nodded slowly, Wake up earlier." - Dr. SunWolf
"The sun has not caught me in bed in fifty years." - Thomas Jefferson
"I like my coffee black and my mornings bright." - Terri Guillemets
"I used to love night best but the older I get the more treasures and hope and joy I find in mornings"
"Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious." - William Feather
"You have to get up every morning and tell yourself I can do this."
"Every morning you have two choices: continue to sleep with dreams or wake up and chase your dreams. The choice is yours!"
"Even after all this time the sun never says to the earth: "You owe me."
"Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it." - Richard Whately
"Be willing to be a beginner every single morning." - Meister Eckhart
"Now that your eyes are open, make the sun jealous with your burning passion to start the day. Make the sun jealous or stay in bed." - Malak El Halabi
"In the morning a man walks with his whole body; in the evening, only with his legs." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Every morning was a cheerful invitation to make my life of equal simplicity, and I may say innocence, with Nature herself." - Henry David Thoreau
"I get up every morning and it's going to be a great day. You never know when it's going to be over so I refuse to have a bad day." - Paul Henderson
"Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life." - Yoko Ono
"Every morning is a beautiful morning." - Terri Guillemets
"One key to success is to have lunch at the time of day most people have breakfast." - Robert Brault
"Morning comes whether you set the alarm or not." - Ursula K. Le Guin
"Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them." - William Arthur Ward
"There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope." - Bernard Williams
"I used to love night best but the older I get the more treasures and hope and joy I find in mornings." - Terri Guillemets
"Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night." - William Blake
"Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"I wake up some mornings and sit and have my coffee and look out at my beautiful garden, and I go, 'Remember how good this is. Because you can lose it."
"Every morning, I wake up saying, I'm still alive, a miracle. And so I keep on pushing." Jim Carrey
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts."
"I love early mornings when I feel like a rest of the world is the fast asleep and you're the only one who's awake and everything feels like it isn't really real and you kind of forget about all your problems because for now it's just you, the world and the sunrise."
"The sun is but a morning star." - Henry David
"Never work before breakfast; if you have to work before breakfast, eat your breakfast first." - Josh Billings
"It is in the early morning hour that the unseen is seen, and that the far-off beauty and glory, vanquishing all their vagueness, move down upon us till they stand clear as crystal close over against the soul." - Sarah Smiley
"There are two ways to wake up in the morning. One is to say, 'Good morning, God,' and the other is to say, 'Good God, morning!" - Fulton J. Sheen
"Every morning brings new potential, but if you dwell on the misfortunes of the day before, you tend to overlook tremendous opportunities." - Harvey Mackay
"To simply wake up every morning a better person than when I went to bed." - Sidney Poitier
"Don't try to force your life to be perfect. Live your life and discover the perfectness in everyday . Don't stress about how your life will turn out. Just take a breath and go along for the ride. Have a Nice morning!"
"Once you accept someone for what they really are, they will really surprise you by being better than you ever expected. Good morning!"
"Night has gone and the moon, too. Sun is shinning and the sky is blue. Time to open your beautiful eyes; And accept my message to you!"
"Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets. So love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who don't."
"A morning is a wonderful blessing. It stands for hope, giving us another start of what we call Life."
"Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them."
"Your morning hugs are the key to a secret safe Where I store all my happy memories. Good morning"
"You have no idea how good it feels to wake up every morning knowing you are mine And I am yours. Good morning!"
"Every morning with you leaves me jumping for joy instead of the tedious of the mornings before you life is now filled with love and energy."
"Everyone has highs and lows that they have to learn from, but every morning I start off with a good head on my shoulders, saying to myself, 'It's going to be a good day!". - Lindsay Lohan
"The sun is new each day." - Heraclitus
"I have always been delighted at the prospect of a new day, a fresh try, one more start, with perhaps a bit of magic waiting somewhere behind the morning." - J. B. Priestley
"Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself." - Elbert Hubbard
"Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise." - George Washington Carver
"I'm always thinking about creating. My future starts when I wake up every morning. Every day I find something creative to do with my life." - Miles Davis
"A good idea will keep you awake during the morning, but a great idea will keep you awake during the night." - Marilyn vos Savant
"Do I get up every morning and ask: am I doing the things that I believe in and am I doing them for the best possible motives? Yes. Unambiguously yes." - Nick Clegg
"I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up." - Benjamin Franklin
"Good morning is a contradiction of terms." - Jim Davis
"It ain't as bad as you think. It will look better in the morning." - Colin Powell
"It is a matter of shame that in the morning the birds should be awake earlier than you." - Abu Bakr
"I love the smell of juice boxes in the morning." - Robert Duvall
"Every morning I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work." - Robert Orben
"If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning." - Larry Page
"I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning." - Jonathan Swift
"First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, 'I believe,' three times." - Ovid
"If you're bored with life - you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals." - Lou Holtz
"I'm a very early riser, and I don't like to miss that beautiful early morning light." - David Hockney
"I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening." - Larry King
"The most efficient way to live reasonably is every morning to make a plan of one's day and every night to examine the results obtained." - Alexis Carrel
"When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me, 'Did you sleep good?' I said 'No, I made a few mistakes.' - Steven Wright
"I wake up laughing. Yes, I wake up in the morning and there I am just laughing my head off." - Bruce Willis
"Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali." - Salvador Dali
"When I wake up in the morning, I feel like a billionaire without paying taxes." - Ernie Banks
"If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. Otherwise, it's not." - Elon Musk
"I wake up every morning and I surprise myself. I wake up to a new me." - Gina Carano
"What is love? It is the morning and the evening star." - Sinclair Lewis
"You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning." - Billy Wilder
"Every morning, my dad would have me looking in the mirror and repeat: "Today is going to be a great day; I can, and I will." - Gina Rodriguez
"Life is beautiful, what do you think? In the morning I say, 'Ah, I am alive still!' All my friends die already. I am alive. It is fantastic. - Alejandro Jodorowsky
"You wake up in the morning and you look at your old spoon, and you say to yourself, 'Mick, it's time to get yourself a new spoon.' And you do. - Mick Jagger
"You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." - George Horace Lorimer
"In these times you have to be an optimist to open your eyes when you awake in the morning." - Carl Sandburg
"Greet every morning with open arms and say thanks every night with a full heart. Each day is a precious gift to be savored and used, not left unopened and hoarded for a future that may never come." - Regina Brett
"I learned to love myself, because I sleep with myself every night and I wake up with myself every morning, and if I don't like myself, there's no reason to even live the life." - Gabourey Sidibe
"I write in the morning, I walk in the afternoon and I read in the evening. It's a very easy, lovely life." - Margaret Forster
"Every night when I go to bed, I hope that I may never wake again, and every morning renews my grief." - Franz Schubert
"People often say to me, 'I don't know anything about dance.' I say, 'Stop. You got up this morning, and you're walking. You are an expert.' - Twyla Tharp
"You know that feeling when you wake up in the morning and you're excited for the day? That's one of my main goals in life." - Kirsten Dunst
"My principal motivation is supporting my family, which is not a bad reason for getting up in the morning. That's always been my motivation - to take care of the people who rely on me." - Tony Parsons
"I like freedom. I wake up in the morning and say, 'I don't know, should I have a popsicle or a donut?' You know, who knows?" - Oscar Nunez
"I couldn't be luckier to wake up every morning and be so excited to get to work, even if it's five in the morning." - Carly Chaikin
"It is always with excitement that I wake up in the morning wondering what my intuition will toss up to me, like gifts from the sea. I work with it and rely on it. It's my partner." - Jonas Salk
"I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world." - E. B. White
"Get up tomorrow early in the morning, and earlier than you did today, and do the best that you can." - Joan of Arc
"My dad used to wake me up at 5:30 in the morning and hit me ground balls and tell me, 'Don't be afraid to excel. Don't be afraid to be great.' - Russell Wilson
"Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen." - Wayne Huizenga
"My formula for living is quite simple. I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night. In between, I occupy myself as best I can." - Cary Grant
"I just enjoy life now. I just enjoy every morning I get to wake up." - Nas
"I wake up in the morning and my heart is light, man. It's not heavy. I don't have skeletons in the closet on their way out." - Drake
"Nothing is better than waking up in the morning and being excited to go into work." - Caprice Bourret